README.md, before:

# Gnome OSX Theme
OSX like theme remix for gnome GTK3+ based on Apple-Arc-OSX.

![picture alt](https://image.ibb.co/hyc1hA/screenshot.png)

### Tested on:
* CentOS 7
* Fedora 28 & 29

Should work with other distros using gnome. May require additional tweaks (CentOS).

# Install
Fedora 28+:
```shell
# sudo dnf install Arc-OSX-Remix-0-1.noarch.rpm
```
CentOS 7+:
```shell
# sudo yum install Arc-OSX-Remix-0-1.noarch.rpm
```
### Requirements:
#### Gnome Extensions
* [dash-to-dock](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/307/dash-to-dock/)

Configure dash-to-dock location to bottom by clicking gear by extension in gnome tweak tool.

Restart and enjoy! 

# Set Custom Login Wallpaper
```shell
# sudo set-gdm-wallpaper /path/to/image.png
```

# Credit and Licences
* Apple Arc OSX Theme: https://github.com/USBA/Apple-Arc-OSX-theme
* macOS Icons: https://git.opendesktop.org/umayanga/Cupertino-macOS-iCons
* macOS Cursor: https://www.gnome-look.org/p/1084939/
* Gnome Shell: https://github.com/B00merang-Project/macOS
* GDM Wallpaper Script: https://github.com/DimaZirix/fedora-gdm-wallpaper

Author Information
------------------

This theme compilation was created by [Michael Tipton](https://ibeta.org).

Commit message:

Add gnome-shell reload warning

README.md, after:

# Gnome OSX Theme
OSX like theme remix for gnome GTK3+ based on Apple-Arc-OSX.

![picture alt](https://image.ibb.co/hyc1hA/screenshot.png)

### Tested on:
* CentOS 7
* Fedora 28 & 29

Should work with other distros using gnome. May require additional tweaks (CentOS).

# Install
Fedora 28+:
```shell
# sudo dnf install Arc-OSX-Remix-0-1.noarch.rpm
```
CentOS 7+:
```shell
# sudo yum install Arc-OSX-Remix-0-1.noarch.rpm
```
During RPM install gnome-shell will reload and you will have to login again. Make sure you save all important data before installing.

### Requirements:
#### Gnome Extensions
* [dash-to-dock](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/307/dash-to-dock/)

Configure dash-to-dock location to bottom by clicking gear by extension in gnome tweak tool.

Restart and enjoy! 

# Set Custom Login Wallpaper
```shell
# sudo set-gdm-wallpaper /path/to/image.png
```

# Credit and Licences
* Apple Arc OSX Theme: https://github.com/USBA/Apple-Arc-OSX-theme
* macOS Icons: https://git.opendesktop.org/umayanga/Cupertino-macOS-iCons
* macOS Cursor: https://www.gnome-look.org/p/1084939/
* Gnome Shell: https://github.com/B00merang-Project/macOS
* GDM Wallpaper Script: https://github.com/DimaZirix/fedora-gdm-wallpaper

Author Information
------------------

This theme compilation was created by [Michael Tipton](https://ibeta.org).
